Update logging guidelines (#6283)
kubernetes/community: contributors/devel/sig-instrumentation/migration-to-structured-logging.md

For non-organized migrations, the onus is, generally, on the individual contributors.

#### Organized Migration

Organized migration is carried out in a two state cycle aligning with the cadence of Kubernetes releases. 

In the first stage, we pick a particular migration milestone & create an issue to split the work into smaller chunks (for example, migrating just a single file). This ensures that the work can be easily picked up by multiple individual contributors and also avoids conflicts. After the migration activity is complete, we mark the directory as migrated to avoid regressions with the help of tooling that we have developed. 

In the second milestone, we take a break from migration to analyze results & improve our existing processes. Adding structured information to logs is a very costly & time-consuming affair. Setting aside time in the second stage to collect feedback, analyze the impact of changes on the log volume & performance, and better our PR review process helps us avoid mistakes and duplicate efforts.

> ####Non-organized migration

Author: ```suggestion
#### Non-organized migration
```

[lowerCamelCase]: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/lowerCamelCase
[alphanumeric]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alphanumeric

> ## Ensure value is properly passed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Good practice for passing values in structured logging
```
?

Author: Not sure about calling this a good practice as this should be a required step for migration to change how values are provided.

When passing a value for a key-value pair, please use following rules:
* Prefer using Kubernetes objects (for example `*v1.Pod`) and log them using `klog.KObj`

> * Use `klog.KRef` for Kubernetes objects when original object is not available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * When the original object is not available, use `klog.KRef` instead
```
(indentation is intended)

> * Pass structured directly and avoid using calling `.String()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Pass structured values directly (avoid calling `.String()` on them first)
```

### Prefer using Kubernetes objects (for example `*v1.Pod`) and log them using `klog.KObj`

> As part of structured logging migration we want to ensure that kubernetes objects references are consistent within the

Reviewer: Optional extra:
```suggestion
As part of the structured logging migration, we want to ensure that Kubernetes object references are
consistent within the
```

> codebase. Two new utility functions were introduced to klog `klog.KObj`. Any reference
> (name, namespace) to Kubernetes Object (Pod, Node, Deployment, CRD) should be rewritten to utilize those functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
codebase. Two new utility functions were introduced to klog: `klog.KObj` and `klog.KRef`.

Any existing logging code that makes a reference (such as name, namespace) to a Kubernetes
object (for example: Pod, Node, Deployment, CustomResourceDefinition) should be rewritten to
utilize the new functions.
```

> Logging using this method will ensure that output will include a proper reference to object, depending on selected log format (`<namespace>/<name>` in text and `{"namespace": "<namespace>", "name": "<name>"}` for json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logging using this method will ensure that log output include a proper and correctly formatted reference
to that object. The formatting / serialization is automatically selected depending on the output log format.
For example, the same object could be represented as `<namespace>/<name>` in
plain text and as `{"namespace": "<namespace>", "name": "<name>"}` in JSON.
```

[lowerCamelCase]: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/lowerCamelCase
[alphanumeric]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alphanumeric

## Ensure value is properly passed

When passing a value for a key-value pair, please use following rules:
* Prefer using Kubernetes objects (for example `*v1.Pod`) and log them using `klog.KObj`
  * When the original object is not available, use `klog.KRef` instead

> * Pass structured values directly (avoid calling `.String()` on them first)

Reviewer 2: * When the goal is to log a `[]byte` array as string, explicitly convert with `string(<byte arrary>)`.

Author: done

> * Pass structured values directly (avoid calling `.String()` on them first)

Author: ```suggestion
* Pass structured values directly (avoid calling `.String()` on them first)
* When the goal is to log a `[]byte` array as string, explicitly convert with `string(<byte arrary>)`.
```

}
```

> ### Use `klog.KRef` for Kubernetes objects when original object is not available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### When the original object is not available, use `klog.KRef` instead
```

}
```

> ### Pass structured directly and avoid using calling `.String()` or any other serialization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Pass structured values directly
```
